Add a deprecation notice to metrics and what's new (#727)
run-ai/docs: docs/developer/metrics/metrics.md

Run:ai uses [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io){target=_blank} for collecting and querying metrics.

!!! Note

>     From cluster version 2.17 onwards, we will support metrics via the Run:ai API, direct metrics query will be deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    From cluster version 2.17 onwards, we will support metrics via the Run:ai API and direct metrics queries will be deprecated.
```
